When the window fell into the incinerator, it was a pane in the ash to retrieve.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? It be the Sea
How do you count cows? A 'Cow'culator
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
My son asked me to stop singing Oasis songs in public. I said maybe.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole-in-one.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket; You can hide, but you can't run.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.
A proton, an electron, & a neutron walk into a bar. The proton orders a shot, drinks it, pulls out his wallet, and pays the bartender. The electron orders a shot, drinks it, pulls out his wallet, and pays the bartender. The neutron orders a shot, drinks it, then pulls out his wallet. The bartender stops him and says, 'for you, no charge...'
Two atoms are walking down the street. One says, 'Oh no! I lost an electron!', The other asks him, 'Are you sure?', The first one says, 'Yeah, I'm positive'
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender looks at him and says, 'Sorry we don't serve food here.'
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted.
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Found out I was colour blind the other day... That one came right out the purple.
Where are average things built? In the satisfactory.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
I just swapped our bed for a trampoline. My wife hit the roof.
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours, so they decided to call it a day.
I asked the checkout girl for a date. She said 'They're in the fruit aisle next to the bananas.'
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a tricycle? Attire!
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighbourhood? The Spaghetto.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
Doorbells, don't knock 'em.
My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff. It's enough to make a mango crazy.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
Why do so many people with laser hair want to get it removed?
What has twenty legs and flies? Ten pairs of pants.
What has twenty legs and flies? Five dead Horses.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
What do you get if you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About halfway.
Why do bakers work so hard? They knead the dough.
What do you call a man with a rug on his head? Matt.
Why shouldn't you play cards in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
What's big, red, and eats rocks? A big, red, rock-eater.
How do you make toast in the jungle? Pop your bread under a g'rilla.
What lies on the ocean floor and shivers? A nervous wreck.
Who is the quickest draw in the ocean? Billy the Squid.
What's the difference between a jeweller and a prison warden? One sells watches, and the other watches cells.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why did the banana go to the doctors'? He wasn't peeling very well.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies.
Where are the Andes? At the end of your armies.
What do you get when you run over a bird with your lawnmower? Shredded tweet.
What do you get if you drop a piano down a coal shaft? A flat minor.
How does a burglar get into your house? Intruder window.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm.
What is the richest country in the world? Ireland. Its capital is always Dublin.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
What was Beethoven's fifth favorite fruit? Ba-na-na-na.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? Breathe, you fool, breathe!
How do you turn a duck into a soul singer? Put it in a microwave until its bill withers.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three movies back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it's Hans free.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
My cat just threw up on the carpet. I don't think it's feline well.
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood, but it was a type O.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
People keep making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
If you're struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge, and watch their face light up when they open it.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there's just no atmosphere.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth. It's pasteurized before you even see it.
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads 'Small medium at large.'
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the bathroom? Because the P is silent.
The price of bouncy castles have doubled this year. That's inflation for you.
Whenever I want to start eating healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
What do you get hanging off banana trees? Sore arms.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
A Mexican magician says he'll disappear on the count of 3; 'Uno... dos... poof...'. He disappeared without a tres.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
A programmer puts two glasses on his bedside table before going to sleep. A full one, in case he gets thirsty, and an empty one, in case he doesn't.
If doctors were like software engineers, they would say things like “Have you tried killing yourself and being reborn?
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Debugging is like being the detective in a crime drama where you are also the murderer.
Linux is only free if your time has no value.
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses.
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.
C++ : Where friends have access to your private members.
Perl - The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think “I know, I'll use regular expressions.” Now they have two problems.
A user interface is like a joke. if you have to explain it, it's not that good
Why did the database administrator leave his wife? She had one-to-many relationships.
What did the array say after it  was extended? Stop objectifying me.
Why are keyboards always working so hard? Cause they have two shifts!
What did the proud React component say to its child? I've got to give you props.
Lisp programmers don't make prank calls. They make FUNCALLs.
Have you heard the one about the Corduroy pillow? It's making HEADLINES!
Hey officer! How did the hackers escape? No idea. They just ransomware.
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
There are 10 types of people in this world, those who understand binary and those who dont.
!false, It's funny 'cause it's true.
A programmer was arrested for writing unreadable code. They refused to comment
The next time you're using Safari or Firefox and it's running slowly, you can say to yourself, I could've had a V8
If Google matched people up by their browsing history,it could be the greatest online dating website of all the time.
How do you tell an introverted programmer from an extroverted programmer? An extroverted programmer looks at the other person's shoes while talking to them
Save your sass for CSS. Everywhere else be kind.
Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle - you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.
Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, liquor, sexual intercourse, and football-- in that order.
Chuck Norris invented a new martial arts style: Chuck-Will-Kill.
Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen SanDiego.
Chuck Norris' dick is so big, it has it's own dick, and that dick is still bigger than yours.
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
Chuck Norris can exist in two or more places at the same time.
Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... A suicide.
Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
Chuck Norris doesn't have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
The only thing you can beat Chuck Norris at is the number of times you've had your face kicked in.
Chuck Norris once spit on a lizard. The result is tyrannosaurus rex.
Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn eyes off.
The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked one of the corners off.
They once made Chuck Norris toilet paper. The only problem was that it wouldn't take shit from no one!
Chuck Norris just says 'no' to drugs. If he said 'yes', it would collapse Colombia's infrastructure.
Chuck Norris knows everything there is to know - Except for the definition of mercy.
Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Chuck Norris could use to kill you, including the room itself.
The pen is mighter than the sword, but only if the pen is held by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris invented bacon by throwing a pig through a chain link fence.
Many rednecks and rual farmers enjoy Mountain Oysters as a special delicacy within their traditional menus. Chuck Norris, however, prefers to personally harvest and diet upon Mountain Gorilla Oysters.
A man once asked Chuck Norris if his real name is 'Charles'. Chuck Norris did not respond, he simply stared at him until he exploded.
Chuck Norris is not Irish. His hair is soaked in the blood of his victims.
The word 'Kill' was invented by Chuck Norris. Other words were 'Die', 'Beer', and 'What'.
Crime does not pay - unless you are an undertaker following Walker, Texas Ranger, on a routine patrol.
They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem-- It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
'Hakuna Matata' is actually Swahili for 'all hail Chuck Norris'.
Chuck Norris' gaydar is so finely tuned he can tell if you have EVER stared at another man's ass and will brutally kill you accordingly.
Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Chuck Norris has 72... and they're all poisonous.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
Chuck Norris thinks inside the bun
Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
Jack in the Box's do not work around Chuck Norris. They know better than to attempt to scare Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris will attain statehood in 2009. His state flower will be the Magnolia.
Chuck Norris is not dead yet because he knows Bruce Lee is waiting for him in the after life.
If Chuck Norris had killed Kenny, he would have stayed dead.
Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said 'Get a job'. That is the story of the universe.
When Chuck Norris kills you, the government fully covers all funeral expenses, as ordered by the  UN. It is the only truly good thing they have ever done.
When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever.
Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
There are two types of people in the world... people that suck, and Chuck Norris.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
# Chuck Norris's show is called Walker: Texas Ranger, because Chuck Norris doesn't run.
Divide Chuck Norris by zero and you will in fact get one........one bad-ass that is.
Some people ask for a Kleenex when they sneeze, Chuck Norris asks for a body bag.
Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
Archeologists unearthed an old english dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined 'victim' as 'one who has encountered Chuck Norris'
Every SQL statement that Chuck Norris codes has an implicit 'COMMIT' in its end.
The term 'Cleveland Steamer' got its name from Chuck Norris, when he took a dump while visiting the Rock and Roll Hall of fame and buried northern Ohio under a glacier of fecal matter.
If you rearrange the letters in 'Chuck Norris', they also spell 'Crush Rock In'. The words 'with his fists' are understood.
Chuck Norris doesnt shave; he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
Chuck Norris does not have to answer the phone. His beard picks up the incoming electrical impulses and translates them into audible sound.
The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.
For undercover police work, Chuck Norris pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can simultaneously hold and fire FIVE Uzis: One in each hand, one in each foot -- and the 5th one he roundhouse-kicks into the air, so that it sprays bullets.
Chuck Norris invented manure spreaders.
How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
According to the Encyclopedia Brittanica, the Native American 'Trail of Tears' has been redefined as anywhere that Chuck Norris walks.
Pick a number between 1 and 10. No matter what it is, you are wrong, and Chuck Norris is now on his way to brutally murder you.
Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into a glacier.
The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
Chuck Norris likes to perform surprise lobotomies with an ice-cream scoop.
Human cloning is outlawed because of Chuck Norris, because then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
Chuck Norris programs do not accept input.
Chuck Norris invented a language that incorporates karate and roundhouse kicks. So next time Chuck Norris is kicking your ass, don?t be offended or hurt, he may be just trying to tell you he likes your hat.
Chuck Norris once lost the remote, but maintained control of the TV by yelling at it in between bites of his 'Filet of Child' sandwich.
Chuck Norris owns a chain of fast-food restaurants throughout the southwest. They serve nothing but barbecue-flavored ice cream and Hot Pockets.
A man once claimed Chuck Norris kicked his ass twice, but it was promptly dismissed as false - no one could survive it the first time.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum.
No matter which part of Chuck Norris you aim at, the bullet will always hit the center of your forehead.
Chuck Norris could order a steak at PETA's cafeteria and get one.
Chuck Norris does not follow fashion trends, they follow him. But then he turns around and kicks their ass. Nobody follows Chuck Norris.
In the X-Men movies, none of the X-Men super-powers are done with special effects. Chuck Norris is the stuntman for every character.
Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce instead of visine.
In the Bible, Jesus turned water into wine. But then Chuck Norris turned that wine into beer.
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in ravioli. He stuffs a live turtle with beef and smothers it in pig's blood.
Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
Chuck Norris CAN see John Cena.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
Those aren't credits that roll after Walker Texas Ranger. It is actually a list of fatalities that occurred during the making of the episode.
Chuck Norris can watch TV...on his GameBoy...
Chuck Norris chooses not to compete in an Ironman because of the swim, every time he starts kicking and swinging his arms, people die!
When you say 'no one's perfect', Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
The crickets don't chirp at Chuck Norris' house, if they know what's good for them.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
Chuck Norris's brain waves are suspected to be harmful to cell phones.
Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? Goddamn Chuck Norris, that's who.
There is no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold, so he turned the sun up.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Where do fish keep their money? In the riverbank
I accidentally took my cats meds last night. Don't ask meow.
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
Dermatologists are always in a hurry. They spend all day making rash decisions. 
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
I won an argument with a weather forecaster once. His logic was cloudy...
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
'Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.'
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights. 
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
What do you call a female snake. misssssssss 
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing 'I'm A Believer'... Then I saw her face.
I'm only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don't know why.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
What did the father tomato say to the baby tomato whilst on a family walk? Ketchup.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Dad I'm hungry … Hi hungry I'm dad
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
Have you heard the story about the magic tractor? It drove down the road and turned into a field.
When will the little snake arrive? I don't know but he won't be long...
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu: You get what you deserve.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
It was so cold yesterday my computer froze. My own fault though, I left too many windows open.
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? 'Don't look I'm changing!'
My son is studying to be a surgeon, I just hope he makes the cut.
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That's just how I roll.
I once lost a banana at court but then I appealed. 
Conjunctivitis.com - now that's a site for sore eyes.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call two guys hanging out by your window? Kurt & Rod.
Why was the robot angry? Because someone kept pressing his buttons!
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
What do you call a snake who builds houses? A boa constructor!
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Why did the sentence fail the driving test? It never came to a full stop.
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
What's the difference between a rooster and a crow? A rooster can crow but a crow cannot rooster.
I went to the store to pick up eight cans of sprite... when I got home I realized I'd only picked seven up
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
Yesterday, I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm okay, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
When people are sad, I sometimes let them colour in my tattoos. Sometimes all they need is a shoulder to crayon.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What do you get when you cross a pig and a pineapple? A porky pine
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars
Why did the banana go to the doctor? He was not 'peeling' well.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate. 
A girl once asked me what my heart desired, apparently blood, oxygen and neural messages were all wrong answers
Why is it always hot in the corner of a room? Because a corner is 90 degrees.
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
Why do cows not have toes? They lactose!
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I'll ketch up
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?
Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say 'Bach bach bach!'
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
My sister bet me $15 that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.
My boss told me to have a good day... so I went home.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!
I'd like to start a diet, but I've got too much on my plate right now.
What did the drummer name her twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two...
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
I remember when I was a kid, I opened my fridge and noticed one of my vegetables were crying. I guess I have some emotional cabbage.
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter?
An irrelephant.
Frankenstein enters a bodybuilding competition and finds he has seriously misunderstood the objective.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
I've got a joke about vegetables for you... but it's a bit corny.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What do you call a boy who stopped digging holes? Douglas.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ... are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What has three letters and starts with gas? A Car.
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, No, just leave it in the carton!'
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkin's favorite sport? Squash.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
Put the cat out' … I didn't realize it was on fire
Why don't skeletons ride roller coasters? They don't have the stomach for it.
Is there a hole in your shoe? No… Then how'd you get your foot in it?
Every night at 11:11, I make a wish that someone will come fix my broken clock.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, 'man, it's really hot in here'. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, 'WHOA, a talking muffin!'
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't 'tuna' fish!
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads 'Small medium at large.'
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck. It quacked under the pressure.
Where's the bin? Dad: I haven't been anywhere!
My wife said I was immature. So I told her to get out of my fort.
Why did the knife dress up in a suit? Because it wanted to look sharp
How do you make a water bed more bouncy. You use Spring Water
I considered building the patio by myself. But I didn't have the stones.
In my career as a lumberjack I cut down exactly 52,487 trees. I know because I kept a log.
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
'Dad, do you think it's going to snow this winter?' 'I dont know, its all up in the air'
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
A magician was driving down the street and then he turned into a driveway.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
What is the best way to carve?
Whittle by whittle.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
I've got this disease where I can't stop making airport puns. The doctor says it terminal.
Somebody stole my Microsoft Office and they're going to pay - you have my Word.
What concert costs only 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickelback.
I couldn't figure out how the seat belt worked. Then it just clicked.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATH!!
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, 'do you smell fish?'
Bad at golf? Join the club.
I had a pair of racing snails. I removed their shells to make them more aerodynamic, but they became sluggish.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
How do hens stay fit? They always egg-cercise!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
I tried to milk a cow today, but was unsuccessful. Udder failure.
I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
'Dad, I'm cold.' 'Go stand in the corner, I hear it's 90 degrees.'
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
which flower is most fierce? Dandelion
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it's the best ceiling in the world, but it's definitely up there.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
'My Dog has no nose.' 'How does he smell?' 'Awful'
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why are snake races so exciting? They're always neck and neck.
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
What do bees do after they are married? They go on a honeymoon.
If I could name myself after any Egyptian god, I'd be Set.
Why doesn't the Chimney-Sweep call out sick from work? Because he's used to working with a flue.